well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about be centralizing diplomacy talk
about something positive for a change
it's been a rough couple of days
what is diplomacy Google will tell us
that diplomacy is of the profession
activity or skill of managing
international relations typically by
countries representatives abroad it's a
good definition decent enough but it's a
little dated and it's changing it is
changing
most of us in the United States are
aware painfully aware that we are
witnessing a transformation we are
witnessing the last gasps or witnessing
the end of the conservative movement as
it exists now
the demographic that makes up the
current conservative movement especially
those that are in control of it they are
permanently aging out of voting they
will cease to be younger conservatives
who are more liberal than older
conservatives will then take the reins
so the new conservative movement will be
more liberal than the older one because
how what's happened throughout over all
of history see that movement it's
reaching back at reaching back for
something that really never existed but
the idea of that was there it's reaching
back for it because the world move on
and they stayed the same technology
changed and they didn't adapt and
because of that we are seeing this
upsurge this very vocal gasp as they try
to clean them cling on and hang on
we see in the United States because it's
up close the same thing is happening on
the international stage because there
are things that are undermining the
traditional systems the world moved on
and those systems those that we talked
about this week we're like it's
shouldn't be this way but it's the way
it is the world moved on and those
systems didn't change technology
advanced and systems didn't adapt this
definition inaccurate anymore we're all
diplomats now because we all have access
we didn't use to them but we all
represent our individual nations on the
internet it doesn't seem like it matters
but it does I loved seeing posts
Americans don't want war or on Ian's
don't want war I loved it because it
showed that commonality
the analytics tell me that in the last
seven days people from 121 countries
watch this channel all the countries
involved there were 60 hours spent
watching this by people in Aronica now
some of that my friends people I know
but trust me they don't like me enough
to watch me for 60 hours was just normal
people there and that's a lot like those
social media posts may not seem to
matter but it does
The Iranian and Shiraz watches a
redneck in Florida and realizes that we
have more in common than he has with his
leader in Tehran or I have with my
leader in DC makes it that much harder
to pit us against each other
that big worry you know during this
recent unpleasantness was we were gonna
have a third something the third one was
coming we had to in the 1900s I didn't
use the term on this channel in micro
start now we had to in the 1900s people
worried that this would spin out of
control and we'd have a third I didn't
see it as likely didn't see it as likely
because it's different now back then who
knew about them the others the ones that
they would pit us against the diplomats
those that traveled there that's it and
if they told the newspapers all the evil
things they were going to do and how
horrible and different and backwards
they were the newspapers would tell us
we hear it enough and all of a sudden
it's praise the Lord and pass the
ammunition I can't do that now
because we all have access we all have
access we can talk to each other and we
can begin to understand each other and
that is a key part of diplomacy to
understand where the other is coming
from understand their position as we
move into this new decade it would
probably be very wise for everybody to
remember that sixty something percent of
you represent the United States when you
are online when you are making your
social media posts and all of the other
people from all of these other countries
that are watching
you represent your Nations as well y'all
are watching trying to figure us out
good luck
if we can do that we have successfully
eliminated a power structure that the
ruling elite held over us diplomacy is
the purview of the ruling class it
always has been but it's not now because
we have access diplomacy is being
decentralized and it is amazing anyway
it's just a fall you'll have a good
night